\input{header}
\begin{document}

\title{Title}
\author{
  Timothy Chu \\
  Carnegie Mellon University\\
  \texttt{tzchu@andrew.cmu.edu}
}

\setcounter{page}{0}
\maketitle
\thispagestyle{empty}
\begin{abstract}
Buser shows that the isoperimetric cut of a surface with Ricci
curvature bounded below, can be bounded as

$\lambda_1 \leq C(H + H^2)$

where $H$ is the isoperimetric ratio of a cut.

The first proof technique uses an "area minimizing current", which
shows that the curvature of the cut must be constant. 

The second proof technique doens't use this: instead, they use an
$\epsilon$ net to build a new division from the initial cut $X$ (which
can be 'wavy'). This new 'cut' (doesn't have to be a hypersurface,
isn't null, but can be full dimensional) is $\hat{X}$, and they do this by
defining $\hat{X}$ to be the locus of points where a ball of radius
$r$ has exactly half the mass in $A$ and half the mass in $B$. This
'smooths' wavy cuts.

Then they build an epsilon net around $\hat{X}$, and extend that to an
epsilon net of the whole manifold. Finally, they build a little collar
around $\hat{X}$, and use some properties of the hyperbolic spheres
(only useful since hyperbolic sphere is some manifold lower bound on
some volume terms relevant in the calculation, on objects of
lower-bounded Ricci curvature) to establish the final bound.

In short, they build a Rayleigh quotient using $\hat{X}$, a smoothed
version of $X$ (that isn't exactly a 'cut', but still divides manifold
$M$ into two pieces), via a collar of radius $r$ around $\hat{X}$. The
Rayleigh quotient is $1$ on the parts outside of $\hat{X}$, while it
is $d(p, \hat{X})/r$ everywhere else.

$\epsilon$-nets are used for the analysis, but I am not sure they are
used for the construction.
\end{abstract}

\clearpage
\bibliographystyle{alpha}
\bibliography{refs}
\begin{appendix}
\end{appendix}
\end{document}
